Moved ```sunpy.physics.differential_rotation.diff_rot``` to ```sunpy.sun.models.differential_rotation``` (#7409)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7409.deprecation.rst

> Moved sunpy.physics.differential_rotation.diff_rot to sunpy.sun.models.diff_rot and. deprecated sunpy.physics.differential_rotation.diff_rot, it's now suggested to use sunpy.sun.models.diff_rot instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`sunpy.physics.differential_rotation.diff_rot` has been deprecated and replaced by :func:`sunpy.sun.models.diff_rot`.

It will be removed in sunpy 7.0.
```
